Feature/add fivetran (#21)
fivetran/dbt_pendo_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_pendo_source v0.5.0

> ## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨:

Reviewer: should we also note that the `event_key` surrogate keys now include _fivetran_id in the hashing formula as well? i feel like that's a breaking change

Author: Yes, that is a good point! I added to this release's changelog and also v0.4.0 since I missed the keys that were affected then as well.

> - Updated models `stg_pendo__guide_event`, `stg_pendo__poll_event`, and `stg_pendo__event` to add `_fivetran_id`, which was recently added per the Fivetran Pendo Connector's [March 2023 release notes](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/pendo/changelog#march2023). ([#21](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_pendo_source/pull/21))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the following models to include the new `_fivetran_id` field, which was recently added per the Fivetran Pendo Connector's [March 2023 release notes](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/pendo/changelog#march2023) ([#21](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_pendo_source/pull/21)):
  - `stg_pendo__guide_event`
  - `stg_pendo__poll_event`
  - `stg_pendo__event` to add
```

or something like that, just figured it'd be more readable if we listed out the models

Author: Yes that looks better. Updated!

> 

Reviewer: also since there's a parallel release in the transform package we should probably link to the transform changelog entry

Author: Agreed and updated.

## Features

> - Update documentation for `_fivetran_id`. ([#21](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_pendo_source/pull/21))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated documentation for new `_fivetran_id` field. ([#21](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_pendo_source/pull/21))
```

Author: Updated.
